{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green188\blue74;\red117\green117\blue117;\red52\green52\blue52;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c76863\c36078;\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using the Bitbucket API\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 As your team grows, you may need to modify how you use Git to collaborate with team members. For instance, you might set up custom rules and a workflow for your repository and limit the users who can access it. You can automate these types of tasks using the Bitbucket API.\'a0\
This article will demonstrate how to use Bitbucket to set up authentication, manage users and teams, create working repos, and use webhooks. You\'92ll also learn how\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.backhub.co/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 BackHub}}, a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rewind.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 Rewind}}\'a0product, can help you back up your repositories.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs76 \cf4 \strokec4 What Is Bitbucket?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 Bitbucket is a Git repository management solution designed for professional teams. It hosts your local Git repositories and allows you to collaborate with other team members. Here are some other features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Access Control: You can set repository permissions, allowing only certain people to read or write in the repo.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Workflow Control: You can allow only certain people to approve pull requests (PRs) or merge to master.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Jira Integration: You can link your Jira tasks to your PRs, automatically close your tasks once the PR is merged, and track the status of your PR (in-progress, approved, or merged).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0
\cf3 To learn more about what Bitbucket offers, check\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://confluence.atlassian.com/confeval/development-tools-evaluator-resources/bitbucket/bitbucket-what-is-bitbucket"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs76 \cf4 \strokec4 Using Bitbucket\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 There are two versions of the Bitbucket API. Version 1.0 was\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/use-bitbucket-rest-api-version-1/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 deprecated in June 2018}}. For this tutorial, you\'92ll be using version 2.0. You can find more information on that version\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.atlassian.com/bitbucket/api/2/reference/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs60 \cf4 \strokec4 Prerequisites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 Before you begin, make sure you have the prerequisites.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Use JavaScript for the code.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Install Node.js, which you can download\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nodejs.org/en/download/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Use the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://expressjs.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 ExpressJS Framework}}\'a0to build a server. You don\'92t necessarily need previous experience with Express, but it is helpful.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Be familiar with Git concepts.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sign up for a Bitbucket account\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.atlassian.com/software/bitbucket/bundle"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs76 \cf4 \strokec4 Authenticating and Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 There are several methods you can use to authenticate yourself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs60 \cf4 \strokec4 Scopes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 All the Bitbucket API endpoints require a scope to be passed. A scope is a string passed while making a request or during authentication. It applies privileges to the request. By default a scope provides read-only permission, so you will have to append\'a0
\f3 `:write`
\f1 \'a0to provide write permissions. Some scopes also have admin permissions, which can be added by appending\'a0
\f3 `:admin`
\f1 . You don\'92t need to add both read and write permissions; write permission gives you read permission as well.\'a0\
Here are some of the available scopes:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs48 \cf4 \strokec4 Repository\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 A `
\f3 repository
\f1 ` scope lets you access the source code repo, download files, view the wiki, or view issues raised for the repository, among other actions. You will need write permission to fork repos or push code to the repo.\
There is a separate admin scope, `
\f3 repository:admin
\f1 `, which doesn\'92t include read/write scopes. An admin scope will allow you to view or edit repo permissions, wikis, reviewers, and webhooks. It will also let you delete the repo.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs48 \cf4 \strokec4 Snippets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 A `
\f3 snippet
\f1 ` scope will let you view/create snippets. To edit or delete existing snippets, you will need a scope of `
\f3 snippet:write
\f1 `.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs48 \cf4 \strokec4 Webhooks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 A `
\f3 webhooks
\f1 ` scope will let you view, edit, and create webhooks. There is no `
\f3 :write
\f1 ` scope for webhooks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs48 \cf4 \strokec4 Issue\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 An `
\f3 issue
\f1 ` scope will let you view, create, watch, and vote on issues. To delete existing issues, you will need an `
\f3 issue:write
\f1 ` scope.\
There are other scopes related to pull requests, pipelines, accounts, and wiki. You can find more information\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.atlassian.com/bitbucket/api/2/reference/meta/authentication#scopes-bbc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
Be sure to only add the scopes for your add-on needs.\
The other scopes supported by an API are listed\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.atlassian.com/bitbucket/api/2/reference/meta/authentication#scopes-bbc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs60 \cf4 \strokec4 Basic Auth\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa336\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \strokec3 For this type of authentication, you need a username and password. You can find your username\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bitbucket.org/account/settings/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here}}.\
Create an app password\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bitbucket.org/account/settings/app-passwords/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 here.}}\
}